Coding is not my thing. This is something I’ve believed my whole life- my brain just doesn’t work the right way to understand it. Also I’m majoring in Interactive Media. Fun. I’m still new to coding, so it takes me a lot longer to do things people who’ve done it before can do a lot quicker. I actually tried avoiding it a bit in my freshman year but here I am. I’m still a bit intimidated by it to be honest, it gets a little overwhelming, especially for someone who’s not used to having to ask for help so often with something.


I think I’m getting better at it though- I feel like coding is just a lot of practise, and especially if it doesn’t come so easily to you, you just have to do the work. I don’t know if it makes me a better person, but I think it’s definitely made me more patient. As someone who’s always had problems with attention, I think coding (maybe computing in general) has forced me to slow down and dissect my thought process into parts and work through my logic, see if I can make things more efficient. It has also allowed me to expand my horizons in terms of creativity- coding presents a whole new dimension of art I hadn’t quite considered before. My secondary major is visual arts, and I’d had a lot more experience with what you’d call ‘traditional art’, so using code to create interactive art was something new and exciting for me- I think this is evident in my processing assignments as well- they all seem to be artsy rather than strictly useful. 


As for others, I can’t exactly say what it means to them, but I know a lot of people who love coding for its sake, and a lot of people who absolutely despise it. It’s interesting to hear people’s opinions on computing in general, and how some of them only think of them as a tool, as a means to an end, while others like to see what they can do with it creatively. A good example of this would be the computer graphic art project we had to do, which was just using code to create art. Personally I found it a little scary, being told to just create art with code, but I also had a lot of fun with it once I found inspiration. 
